[Autogenerated] as I said a bit earlier,
this course alone won't be enough for you to ace these machine learning exam.
This is really just meant to give you a broad overview,
so you definitely want to look at some additional resource is as you
continue your studies at the beginning of the course.
I provided some detail on the learning path here,
a Pluralsight the other courses getting to a lot more
detail on the four exam domains.
So be sure to check those out on AWS.
You want to spend a good amount of time with the sage maker Developer guide.
I referenced this a lot throughout the course,
and this is really the definitive guide for all things Sage maker and ML on AWS.
As boring as it sounds, if you're super familiar with that guide,
you will ace the exam.
The Sage Maker blog is also a good resource.
When there's new features are updates release,
there's often a blog post about them,
and the developer guide will sometimes point to blog
post for added detail as well.
These are fair game on the exam questions you might know that
reinvent is AWS big annual conference all of the sessions are
recorded and posted on YouTube.
Do a search for sage maker and watch some of the deep dive videos there.
ID also strongly recommend that you work through some of
the other sage maker example notebooks.
We saw these in the very beginning when we set up sage Maker studio.
We're using the customer turn example for the course,
but there's a lot of other ones out there.
Hands on practice is really the best way to submit your learning.
So take some time and work through some of those other
examples and then check out the certification home page
as a reminder that's out here.
This will give you some additional details about the exam,
and I want to call out just a couple of things here.
If you look at the sample questions,
this will give you an idea of what to expect on the real exam.
There's only 10 questions here,
and you will see there's answers at the very bottom,
which are super helpful.
So check these out just to get a better understanding of how things are worded,
the types of scenarios they're asking about,
and the level of detail you need to know.
Also back on the home page for the certification you scroll down,
you'll see there's a practice exam here for $40.
This is 20 questions, and it's administered just like a real exam.
It's timed.
It's in the same browser environment is the actual test.
This one doesn't provide you the answers,
but it's a really good gauge of how ready you are for the exam.
If you take it and you get 40% for instance, you probably need to keep studying.
But if you take it and you get 90% you're probably on
your way to passing the actual exam.
I'd personally recommend taking it.
I know I found it helpful to schedule it.
Just use these schedule on exam button here,
and that will walk you through the same process as registering for the real exam.